(birds chirping)
Huh?
(gasp)
[Uryu] It was 1,000 years ago?
I thought it was 200.
Wait, what's this?
(fire roaring)
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
(fire roaring)
Huh?
It has been 1,000 years,
has it not, Yhwach?
And now I have come
to put an end to you.
(dramatic music)
Ah, good one.
Your leader's presence
has revived your spirit.
Quite inspiring, but I'm
afraid you Soul Reapers
have misjudged one thing.
It is not only your leader
who has joined the fight,
but ours as well,
and we are just as
inspired by his presence.
That's why you're
gonna lose this battle!
[Bazz-B] Time to die, old man!
(fire exploding)
(gasp)
You're right, one
of us misjudged.
You can throw an army of
"inspired" Stern Ritters at him
they're no match for
Old Man Yama's powers.
(dramatic music)
What fools.
They brought that
fate on themselves
for having the temerity
to interfere in my battle.
(neck cracks)
What is it?
You look like
you want to say something?
Your Majesty!
(steam hisses)
You have not changed
at all, Yhwach.
You have always shown contempt
for your own subordinates.
But that ends here and now.
You've grown old indeed,
Shigekuni Yamamoto.
And yet, seeing that outburst
of uncontrolled rage,
I'm reminded of
your younger days.
Nonsense!
(intense music)
(tiles crack)
(Yamamoto yells)
(explosion booms)
(gasp)
(fire explodes)
You have finally drawn it, good.
[Yhwach] You talk as if
you've been waiting for me
to draw my sword.
And do you know why that is?
Because I intend to
crush your flesh,
blood, soul, and sword until
there is nothing left of them.
(gasp)
(deep rumble)
(gasping)
[Jushiro] This dryness
in my throat...
Huh?
Oh.
My lips are cracking, uh oh.
Captain Unohana?
Does your skin feel dry all
of a sudden like mine does?
It's so cute, Isane,
with everything that's going on
you can be worried
about your complexion.
(gasp)
[Isane] Oh, I didn't
mean it like that.
[Unohana] You don't have
much time, Head Captain.
Please be quick about it,
or you could end up
destroying the very world
you're trying to protect.
(glass cracks)
(steam hissing)
So much for using my Hyorinmaru.
You've noticed, right?
How all of a sudden
every drop of water
in the Soul Society
seems to be evaporating?
[Jushiro] This can only mean-
[Shunsui] He's using it.
[Shigekuni] Bankai,
Zanka no Tachi!
[Jugram] Bankai?
That sad, scorched old
sword is his Bankai?
[Yhwach] Don't be fooled
by its appearance,
Zanka no Tachi is a Bankai
that seals the power
of all his flames within
that single blade.
It is a sword of hellfire,
one blow from it
and it's all over.
That's right, you should
know this Bankai well.
It is the one you
saw 1,000 years ago.
Then again, is it?
After all, it has
been quite a while
since the last time we fought.
Judge for yourself whether
it is still the same.
(dramatic music)
(gasp)
(sword swish)
[Yhwach] He cut me, but
there are no flames.
Is his Bankai really different
than it was 1,000 years ago?
Flames are still his
Bankai's power, clearly.
But where are they?
Where are those accursed flames?
(spark)
(explosion)
The tip of his blade!
Correct!
(dramatic music)
(explosion)
Zanka no Tachi
East, Kyokujitsujin!
By using this technique,
I have focused all the heat
and powers of my flames
into the very
the tip of my sword.
It does not burn or
admit an explosive flame,
instead, everything it
touches is simply blown away
without a trace.
Like this!
(chuckle)
(explosion)
Then I'll have to
avoid it, won't I?
Until the moment I cut you down.
(gasp)
But how?
What happened 1,000 years ago
is that every one of you died.
(fire roaring)
Now I am finally going
to force you to realize
that you and all of
your subordinates
are nothing more than
a pile of corpses
just waiting for my flames
to light their funeral pyre!
(flames rumbling)
The flames!
There, I have told you about
my Zanka no Tachi East.
But where there's an East,
there is also a West.
Zanka no Tachi West,
Zanjitsu Gokui!
It burns at a temperature of
15,000,000 degrees Celsius.
You can no longer touch me
or even get close to me.
When I use my Bankai think
of my body and my blade
as having been
enveloped by the sun!
[Jugram] Flames that are
15,000,000 degrees Celsius.
How can such an immense
heat even be visible to us?
Is this an illusion
or could it be that
your Spiritual Pressure
is so overwhelmingly powerful
that it takes on the appearance
of flames when it bursts
out of you, Shigekuni Yamamoto?
(breaths out)
Now then, I must bring
this to a close, Yhwach.
You see, if I do
not end this soon,
it will not be just you.
I and the rest of
the Soul Society
will burn to ashes as well.
(fire roars)
[Uryu] "1,000 years ago, seeking
to annihilate all Hollows,
"the Quincy empire
known as the Licht Reich
"invaded the Soul
Society who opposed them,
"but were wiped out by
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
"Then 200 years ago, the Soul
Reapers unilaterally decided
"to exterminate the
surviving Quincies,
"believing that
they would disrupt
"the circulation of souls."
So that explains why
Quincies and Soul Reapers
will never coexist peacefully.
[Ichigo] I'm a Soul Reaper,
even without the Soul
Society helping me.
[Uryu] That's incorrect, you're
a substitute Soul Reaper.
And furthermore, you
have been abandoned
by the Soul Society.
I'm a Quincy, I can't be helping
out Hollows or Arrancars.
I know.
After all, Quincies exist to
destroy Hollows, don't they?
[Uryu] Ichigo.
(chuckle)
[Yhwach] It feels like
I'm burning alive.
My eyes, my hair, my throat.
If it weren't for my Blut,
I'd be ashes by now.
Well, are you just going
to watch yourself burn?
Forgive me, that question
was spiteful and unfair.
You stand there
with a broken sword
scarcely able to move.
There is not much
you can do, is there?
You could try running away.
But that would only delay
your inevitable death!
(grunts)
(explosion)
Ah yes, of course,
your sword may be broken,
but you still have your arrows
to fight with, don't you?
Very well then.
Shall we dance?
(dramatic music)
[Yhwach] Kirchenlied
Sankt Zwinger!
This is a Quincy's ultimate
defensive incantation,
combining offense with defense.
Step through it and you will
be torn apart by God's light.
That will not save you!
I call on the dead,
I summon the ashes
of those who've
perished by my flames!
Come to my aid, and
for one brief moment
feel again the joy of battle.
Zanka no Tachi South.
Kakajumanokushidaisojin!
What is this?
What in the name of
Heaven or Hell is this?
Kakajumanokushidaisojin.
It allows me to revive
those I have slain
by reanimating their ashes
with the very blade
that struck them down.
Reawakened, they are now
an army that serves me.
One that will not stop until
they turn my enemies to dust!
(laugh)
How pathetic that the
head of the Soul Reapers
would be reviving the dead.
It betrays everything you're
supposed to stand for,
you old hypocrite!
And to what end?
Do you really think a trick
like that can stop me?
Your mouth works well, Yhwach,
but you have forgotten
to use your eyes.
What?
Seydlitz?
Argola, Hubert?
[Shigekuni] What is wrong?
Are you surprised to see
so many of the
subordinates you killed?
[Yhwach] Damn you!
Or are you regretting
that you did not steal my
Bankai when you had the chance?
No, that's not it.
Because you knew that you
could never steal my Bankai.
And now I think I
know why that is.
To steal anothers Bankai,
you Quincies must
first understand it
and fully comprehend its power,
is that not correct?
But you have never
witnessed my true power,
not even 1,000 years ago.
You can not steal what is
beyond your understanding.
[Yhwach] Wait,
where are you going?
[Shigekuni] Not
far, do not worry.
If you want to kill
me, I shall be waiting.
Of course, you will have to
deal with all of them first.
[Yhwach] You worthless coward.
(Yhwach yells)
So even one as lost as you
still has a shred of
humanity left in him.
(dramatic music)
You have the nerve to
talk as if you know me.
I told you before, you're wrong
if you think you can stop me
with tricks like these!
I can see your tears and
anger of frustration, Yhwach.
(bones cracking)
Painful, is it not, to have
to walk over the bodies
of your loyal subordinates
in order to reach me?
How you must hate
me for resorting
to such a despicable ploy
as to bring them back
from the dead.
And yet, nothing that
you are fearing now
can compare to the
hatred and suffering
of all those Soul Reapers
that you have slaughtered!
Zanka no Tachi North!
Tenchi Kaijin!
-(dramatic music)
-(bones rattling)
(explosion)
(rain falling)
I thought I was strong enough,
but it seems I failed.
I hope you can forgive me.
[Yamamoto] What?
Whose forgiveness does he seek?
He is the Quincies' king.
He started this
war and he lost it,
so who is he apologizing to?
Please forgive me for not
carrying out your orders.
Who are you talking to?
Your Majesty.
(explosion)
The Squad One Barracks!
Okikiba!
Curse you, Yhwach.
Can you hear me, Stern Ritter Y?
The Yourself, the
R of Royd Loyd?
You saw to it that my
absence was not noticed.
You did well.
You said that if I did well
you'd do me a great honor, Your-
[Shigekuni] You villain,
where have you been hiding
all this time?
[Yhwach] What lies beneath
the Squad One Barracks?
(gasp)
The Central Underground
Great Prison!
I went to see Sosuke Aizen.
Sosuke Aizen.
Hello, Yhwach.
Oh, your name is
well known to me.
Though I never imagined
I would get to see you
with my own eyes.
I won't ask why you're here.
The battle of Spiritual
Pressures raging
on the surface
above explains that.
Well then, I'll get
right to the point.
I want you, Special
Threat Sosuke Aizen
to serve me in my cause.
Am I to understand
that you would welcome
a Soul Reaper into
the Wandenreich?
We both share a common goal,
the destruction of
the Soul Society.
We can pursue that
goal together.
A common goal.
I refuse.
[Yhwach] Why?
[Sosuke] I serve
in no one's cause
and pursue no one's
goals but my own.
That is your final answer?
We are done talking then.
[Sosuke] Really?
You're going to
leave it at that?
Didn't you come here
because you see my power
as a threat to you?
I do.
But since you're fused
with the Hogyoku,
I know it would
take too much time
to kill you or neutralize you.
Time that I don't have.
A wise decision.
We best not waste time
pursing the same goal either.
One of us won't reach the end
of that journey anyway.
Now then, Shigekuni Yamamoto,
am I wrong or have you just
about exhausted your powers
battling my imposter?
You are wrong!
Bankai!
(dramatic music)
It's not that your Bankai
couldn't be stolen, you fool.
Not at all.
It's just that your
power is so great
that only someone as
strong as I can handle it.
That's why Royd's
orders were to keep you
and your Bankai occupied
until I was able to return.
So what will you do now
knowing that, like you,
I can use the power
of this Bankai to
awaken the corpses
of your subordinates,
Genryusai Yamamoto?
You dare?
(dramatic music)
(energy gleaming)
Now farewell,
Shigekuni Yamamoto.
(sword swish)
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Byakuya] "A petal falling,
never to bloom again.
"A petal in flames,
full of beauty."
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)